Student answer document 
	Long answers not required. 
	Short answers are fine.
	If a section has no work to do, just write "none" or "n/a" or "no work to do" or something like that.

Lesson 1.1 Moving the cursor
This lesson I was able to move the cursor around the code

Lesson 1.2: Exiting VIM
This lesson I learned how to be in normal mode, plus how to exit and return
back to the code.

Lesson 1.3: Text Editing – Deletion
I deleted some repeating charaters in the sentence: 
The cow jumped over the moon.

Lesson 1.4: Text Editing – Insertion
Inserted some characters and words in the sentence:
There is some text missing from this line.

Lesson 1.5: Text Editing – Appending
Appended to the end of two sentences using the A key.

Lesson 1.6: Editing A File
Used the terminal to create a .txt file and edited it.

Lesson 1 Summary
None

Lesson 2.1: Deletion Commands
Deleted a, fun, and, paper from the sentence: There are a some words
that don't belong in this sentence.

Lesson 2.2: More Deletion Commands
Used d$ to delete a repeat of: end of this line twice.

Lesson 2.3: On operators and Motions
None

Lesson 2.4: Using a count for a Motion
Moved the cursor around the sentence more effective then just using j and k.

Lesson 2.5: Using a count to delete More
Deleted upper cased words using d2w and dw to make the sentence:
this line of words is cleaned up.

Lesson 2.6: Operating on Lines
Used dd and 2dd to delete multiple lines at once and a single line using dd.

Lesson 2.7: The Undo Command
Learned to use u and U to undo different commands and used ctrl-r to redo them.


Lesson 2: Summary
None

Lesson 3.1: the Put Command
Used dd to remove a line and used p to place it in a new place.

Lesson 3.2: the Replace Command
Replaced some characters in the sentence using r and the letter that is needed.

Lesson 3.3: The Change Operator
Used ce to change the remove the rest of the word depending on the character the cursor is on.

Lesson 3.4: More changes Using C
Used c$ to delete the rest of the line to correct the sentence.

Lesson 3: Summary
None

Lesson 4.1: Cursor Location and File Status
Moved around the file using ctrl-g and gg.

Lesson 4.2: The Search Command
Search around the file to find a phrase. For this it was errroor.

Lesson 4.3: Matching Parentheses Search
Searched for the matching parentheses using %.

Lesson 4.4: The substitute Command
Used :s/old/new/g to change thee to the in the sentence.

Lesson 4: Summary
None

Lesson 5.1: How to Execute an External Command
Used the :! command to type in ls to show the list of files.

Lesson 5.2: More on Writing Files
THis was over more on different ways to look and modify files.

Lesson 5.3: Selecting Text to Write
This lesson went over how to select tet to write to a file.

Lesson 5.4: Retrieving and Merging Files
Used to command :r to get files and merge them.

Lesson 5: Summary
None

Lesson 6.1: The Open Command
Used o and O to move the cursor above or below a line in insert mode.
This will also add the line to be inserted.

Lesson 6.2: the Append Command
Moved the cursor to the end of a word and used the command a to append to the end of the word.

Lesson 6.3: Another Way to Replace
Used R to rplace on the cursor.

Lesson 6.4: Copy and Paste Text
Used v and y to select and copy text.

Lesson 6.5: Set Option
Used commands to set a case that vim will ignore.

Lesson 6: Summary
None

Lesson 7.1: Getting Help
This lesson shows how to use help in vim.

Lesson 7.2: Create a Startup Script
Created a start up script that will open the file contents.

Lesson 7.3 Completion
This shows how to start the name of a file and vim will complete the name.

Lesson 7: Summary
None
